---
layout: page
title: "About Me"
date:
modified:
excerpt:
excerpt: "A little bit about me, J.D. Flynn, and why I do what I do."
tags: [web development, james flynn, php, html]
image:
  feature:
---

## I hate writing about myself...

But, I guess that it helps a bit to have a little about me to make me seem like less of a highly
advanced AI and more of a very simple human.

## Development
I programmed my first app in QBasic on MS-DOS 5.  It displayed a list of songs and the user selected which one they wanted
to listen to and they got it played back in beautiful, monophonic tones generated by the system.

I started developing websites when I found out that one could build their own website, including my Geocities and Angelfire
pages that were full of images, sound clips, and webrings.  After high school, I fell out of it and into something completely
different and I did that for 10 years, but I always had a spot in my heart for programming.

A few years after realizing that my past life wasn't for me, I returned to school, took a development class, and instantly knew
from my first `<!DOCTYPE html>` tag that I wanted to get back into website development and learn everything I could possibly learn.
This brought me to where I am now, a remote Drupal developer working from my very own [coworking space](https://www.opendoorcoworking.com).

I have contributed to Drupal 7 and 8, and helped organize [MidCamp 2016](http://www.midcamp.org) in Chicago.

## Other Stuff

I've always been the walking definition of a nerd, but I was also in denial of it for the longest time.
I tried hard to 'fit in' with the other kids to the point that I stopped doing what I enjoyed in favor of
doing what was 'popular' in a nerdy manner which was even worse.  It wasn't until many years, many
awkward situations, and many self-realizations later that I gave in and let my nerd flag fly.
